You always bring me so much joy—as soon as you leave the room."
Stupidity’s not a crime, so feel free to go."
I was pro life. Then I met you."
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on the planet."
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I’d fart."
My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships."
Oh you’re talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back."
Don’t you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?"
Is your drama going to an intermission soon?"
It’s a shame you can’t Photoshop your personality."
Acting like a prick doesn’t make yours grow bigger."
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was a penis.",
Were you born on the highway? That is where most accidents happen."
If I had a face like yours I’d sue my parents."
Where’s your off button?"
I’m jealous of people who don’t know you.",
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?"
I’d smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
I would give you a nasty look, but you've already got one."
If your going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty."
I love what you've done with your hair, How do you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?"
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the whole world."
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer."
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission."
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons."
You're so fat you could sell shade."
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?"
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is \"Blah, blah, blah.\""
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing."
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out."
You're so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away."
When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, \"I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.\""
I'm sorry I didn't get that - I don't speak idiot."
Quick - check your face! I just found your nose in my business."
It's better to let someone think you're stupid than open your mouth and prove it."
Hey, your village called - they want their idiot back."
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?"
I've been called worse by better."
You're such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I'm sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition "
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bull."
Don't you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?"
I'd slap you but I don't want to make your face look any better."
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.."
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you... and smelled better too."
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway"
Your so fake that even china declined they made you."
Shut your mouth you'll never be the man your mothere is."
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen."
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen"
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you"
You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering"
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea"
Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it"
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough."
I just snapped my neck. Nope, the pain still isn’t as bad as it was seeing you at the grocery store...."
I would burn you but my mom says burning trash is bad for the inviorment"
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much."
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high"
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents"
Hey, you have something on your chin...3rd one down"
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones"
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit"
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC"
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and A&E made a documentary that saved your life"
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?"
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind"
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance"
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?"
